(Episode 37)
Out of the things I own,
if there is something that suits someone else better,
it's hard for me to keep it...
because it reminds me of that other person.
It still sounds corny.
You have to get a beating from me today.
Will that settle our debt?
Do you want to get hit first or get hit after the talk?
I'll hear it first and try to avoid getting hit.
You didn't even know it was my birthday.
Do you want to return the birthday punch I gave you?
I made your 39th birthday memorable.
I'll never be able to forget your birthday either.
Do you know why I liked you?
It's because you never got swayed.
I wanted to see if I could sway you.
I thought...
that you would change if you got swayed.
I respected you...
for not getting hurt even when you got rejected.
I feel like myself more than I've ever been.
That's how it is.
You either become better by getting swayed,
or you end up getting ruined.
I tried to find out the essential truth about the things I love.
Hyun Soo...
never got swayed by me.
Congratulations.
She chose you,
and I lost to that love.
(Temperature of Love)
I'll see you at the office.
I'll go right after I meet Mother.
"Mother"?
It feels awkward to call her that.
Then...
stop calling her that.
You're not even married yet.
Don't you think you're getting too deeply involved?
I don't know what will happen in the future.
But I'm going to do what I want to do for now.
What brings you here?
Are you serious?
You should've told me what happened to your mother.
I didn't know how I was supposed to tell you.
I was worried.
I contemplated on whether I should call your mother or not.
I thought you might not like it.
I'm still not good at doing this.
I hesitated because I didn't want to worry you.
I guess I should've called you and told you that I hesitated.
That's why I called your mother first.
I thought you might feel pressured if I asked you about it.
Did I do a good job?
Yes, you did.
We should've been like this earlier. Then we wouldn't have fought.
Things became better because we fought.
The pain of having broken up with you for two weeks was bigger...
than the pain I felt during the five years of having stayed apart.
Hello.
Are you going to say that to me every time you see me?
Did you eat?
Yes.
I want to refresh myself.
What would you like to do?
Can you do it with me?
I can for two hours.
- It's my favorite color. - It looks good on you.
- Here. - Okay.
Mother.
Will you buy all these?
Call me by my first name when we're outside.
Okay, Young Mi.
Young Mi.
Are you done with choosing what you like?
Not yet. There is nothing pretty.
The designs aren't good this season.
- Let's go. - Okay, Young Mi.
- Thank you. I'm sorry. - It's all right.
Did you see those men looking at me?
Yes. They were looking at you.
Right?
My popularity never dies.
I like hanging out with you because you're pretty.
You're pretty too.
Will you go home now?
Shopping isn't fun.
Mr. Park. Ms. Lee's mother is waiting for you inside.
Did I come here too early?
It's okay. Please sit down.
I made a new batch of citron tea.
I brought some for you.
Thank you.
Thanks for cherishing Hyun Soo.
No problem.
Please keep looking after her.
Isn't it wonderful to be working...
in the same field?
Hyun Soo is an honest and loyal person.
She'll be a good work partner to you.
Yes.
Welcome.
I enjoyed it last time, so I'm here again.
All right.
Aren't you getting more customers these days?
Yes.
I wrote a good review.
Thank you.
Other restaurants usually pamper me if I do that.
(Lunch course: 2)
Okay. Two more lunches.
- Yes, Chef. - Ha Sung.
- Isn't ceviche ready yet? - Coming up.
Chef On. The order that just came in...
is for the blogger who didn't pay last time.
What should I do?
Go by the book.
Okay.
There.
(Good Soup)
(Add contact)
Yes, this is Good Soup.
I'd like to make a reservation for two for tomorrow.
I'm sorry. We're closed tomorrow.
We don't have any available spots until next week.
I see.
Actually, I need to meet with Chef On,
so I was going to eat there.
Is that right? May I have your name please?
Min Ho, give me pomegranate.
- Isn't it done yet? - It's done, Chef.
- It's done, Chef. - Okay.
Chef On. Ms. Lee's mother called.
(Park Mi Na)
Hello?
Hi, this is On Jung Sung.
Hi, Chef On.
How are you?
I'm well. Thanks for asking.
Tell me when and how many people will be coming.
I'll try to make room for you.
I was going to visit you tomorrow to thank you.
Please come tomorrow no matter what.
Are you late?
Yes, a little bit. I was spending time with Mother.
"Mother"?
Did you give up on your work?
You can't waste time hanging out with Jung Sun's mom.
I am working.
Don't be so angry like that.
You have to do your best,
so that I can feel good when I win against you.
But look at you.
All your focus is on a man.
Get a hold of yourself.
Aren't you in love with Won Joon?
Why are you bringing him up?
Soo Jung is so cool.
How can she do that?
I hated you when I liked Jung Sun.
I thought he didn't love me because of you.
But...
Soo Jung only looks at Won Joon and goes straight to him.
I think I love Won Joon.
I feel like he should meet a good woman.
Love...
is not when two good people meet.
It's when two people who are in love come together.
Do you know how many scripts I wrote?
How many did you write?
You don't have time to talk about love.
Yes, I do.
Love and work go together.
Though I'm still undergoing trial and error.
They aren't giving us anything extra.
I guess you have no influence here.
It's not that. They're busy.
They didn't charge us last time.
Do you think that's easy? They did it because it was me.
Let's just go.
Excuse me, ma'am.
You forgot to pay.
Don't you know who I am?
I do.
But you're still acting like this?
Today's meal, the meal from the last time, and the wine.
It's 554 dollars in total.
(Total 554 dollars)
Won't you regret it?
I'm not sure what you mean.
You'll find out soon enough.
Let's not focus all our energy on casting a star.
Let's go with someone...
who suits the character and wants the job.
After checking who is available,
I think that's how it'll be.
Director Min got Seol Min Joo for Hong Ah.
Who told you?
Hong Ah doesn't even know that.
[VIU Ver] E37 Temperature of Love "I Think I Love Him"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I guess you tell everything to Kyung first.
- It's not like that... - Keep it that way.
Tell Kyung first.
It's okay if I hear it from Kyung.
("High Society")
You're diligent. You wrote eight episodes.
Stop marveling at my work,
and do your work.
Didn't you hear that I got Seol Min Joo?
I told everyone.
I didn't.
Why am I the last person to know?
This is frustrating.
Do you really have to nitpick over everything?
Are you puffing your chest because you got Seol Min Joo?
She said yes because of me, not because of your script.
You should thank me.
All right. Thanks.
Welcome.
The script was great.
I want Min Joo to do Ms. Lee's drama.
Mr. Kim, you have an eye.
Please sit down.
Why does Mr. Park want to see us?
He wants to talk about casting. Didn't you hear?
I did, but Mr. Park and you have a special relationship.
He doesn't listen to me anymore.
It was surprising that he did before.
Gosh.
I have good news.
Seol Min Joo's boss came by just now.
I had given him Kind Soup's script.
And?
He said he'll do it.
Really?
I heard she took Hong Ah's piece.
I heard that Yi Bok casted her.
What's going on, Mr. Park?
I heard from Seol Min Joo that she wants to work with me,
but that her boss prefers Kind Soup.
Are you trying to cut in line?
That's not what you said just before.
I'm risking everything on this. How can you steal my actress?
I don't know anything about this.
If you say you don't know, does it make it okay?
Then did you steal Seol Min Joo so that she could succeed?
Mind your language, Hong Ah.
Let's get this straight...
Director Min brought Seol Min Joo to work with me.
She didn't sign the contract yet,
and her boss wants her to do Kind Soup's script.
It's Seol Min Joo. She wouldn't listen to her manager.
She's not as famous as she used to be.
She failed many times.
She wouldn't be able to decide for herself.
That's what she said too.
Mr. Park, you can't do this. You need to support us.
The actress wants this one.
Success comes when the actor does what they want to do.
Not always.
We weren't thinking of casting Seol Min Joo as Yeon Woo.
She fits perfectly. Why weren't you?
Aren't you being too naive?
We decided to choose actors that fit well and act well...
rather than those who are simply famous.
That's a great choice. I know you always do what you want to do.
Her decision isn't the final decision.
We all need to agree,
and I'll make the final decision.
We want to focus on camera rather than casting.
We talked about that.
So,
I've decided.
Director Min, well done.
It's nice to be complimented.
Hong Ah, let's make this work.
We're doing well enough. You're spoiling the fun.
I only meant well.
You're so mean to me. I'm Min Yi Bok, you know.
Director Min was so mean to you,
yet he can't do anything in front of Hong Ah.
They don't look like a writer and a director, but a dog and his owner.
Yes. He's kind of cute when he's scared.
Was he always like that?
People's relationships are relative.
Look at her and me. Would I feel small elsewhere?
- Yes. - You're the best.
Don't tease me.
Can't you two just decide whether or not you're dating?
It's killing me.
- We're not dating. - We're dating.
Gosh, when will this end?
Chef On Jung Sun sent them.
It's a bit late, but congratulations on your 39th birthday.
On Jung Sun, who has warmth in his name.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(Jung Sun)
Hello, Jung Sun.
What are you doing right now?
I'm working. I'm busy.
I have to finish the casting by next week,
and then I have a script reading the week after next.
- So we can't meet today? - No.
I might have to stay overnight here. I might be here until the morning.
- Did you eat? - Kind of.
You need to eat at least. You can't kind of eat.
Jung Sun.
I came here to support you.
Welcome.
But I only have about an hour.
That's more than enough.
Let's go up.
What's your mom doing?
She went home.
It won't be easy for her to stay with me.
I think...
your mom needs to get comfortable in order for you to relax.
We need to live with your mom for the rest of our life.
"We"?
Yes, "we".
After hanging out with your mom,
I realized that she's fashionable and has good taste.
She's good at making things.
She can cook, arrange flowers, and make clothes.
Arranging flowers seem most likely out of those three.
For what?
I think she should do it for a living. It's a waste of talent.
But...
it's hard for people to change.
That's what happened to us too.
We met after missing each other for a long time,
but we had to go separate ways for a while.
But it didn't take long for us to come back to each other.
She can do it too.
Eat first.
You don't want to hear this.
By the way, your mother is coming to Good Soup tomorrow.
I heard. I'll take her.
Eat this one.
- Is it delicious? - Yes.
Why are you mimicking me?
I'm doing what I want to do.
Why do you like me?
You said I wear glasses, and that I'm not your type.
I don't know.
Why don't you?
I know.
How can you know this if I don't know?
It's because I'm so pretty.
Don't do that. You're not pretty.
I want people to like me for that reason.
It's the least calculative...
to like someone for their looks.
Do you want unconditional love?
You're like a baby, aren't you?
What are you talking about?
I've been married and divorced.
That means...
that I've tried.
I tried to love even though it hurt me.
But you only want light relationships.
Are you going to eat sweets for the rest of your life?
But I don't want to date you.
All right.
I'm hungry. Let's go eat.
That's a strange way of asking someone out.
All right.
We can have a fling and eat dinner, but we won't date.
What do you want to eat?
Pork rib hangover soup.
All right.
Were you surprised that I wanted to see you?
Yes, I wasn't expecting this.
How is Won Joon?
Why do you ask me?
You should contact him yourself.
You should be nice to him.
He suffered a lot when he liked me.
From now on, I won't bother him.
You don't have to worry about me.
We're not...
in a relationship anymore.
When he received the call that you were in an accident,
he ran out in a hurry.
If he gave it some thought,
he would've been able to tell if you were lying or not.
What's that supposed to mean?
He ran over to you...
because of that 0.1 percent possibility that you got injured,
regardless of whether it was a lie or not.
Everyone has a past relationship that they get reminded of sometimes.
But if you run over to that person, that means it's still ongoing.
Won Joon.
Hey.
Are you still angry at me?
No. I'm fine since you didn't get hurt.
Do you want to drink tea?
No, I want to go home and rest.
Even when I'm asking you to?
I'm tired.
We're here.
It looks delicious.
I should go say hello.
Congratulations on getting a Michelin star.
Thank you.
You always cooked food for me.
I'd like to invite you over to our place next time.
This is a gift from my mom.
I got you gloves and hand cream.
You're always using your hands, so you should take care of them.
You got me just what I needed.
Mother, you're here.
I didn't know you were here.
These flowers are so pretty.
I'm thinking about showing off my skills.
It might help me refresh myself.
Mom.
Yes, Jung Sun.
Hyun Soo's mother's here.
I know. I can see that.
Hello.
I heard you were sick.
You look great now.
Thank you.
I owe Chef On a lot. He was very kind to me when I was hospitalized.
I only did what I could. You don't owe me anything.
Please give me a cup of tea too.
Why are you pretending to help out by following me inside?
Was I being too obvious?
It's unfair that I have to be the one stuck between those two.
Let's go together.
Okay.
I see that you didn't bring your husband with you today.
He had to go to work.
He used up all his annual leaves to take care of me.
I heard some people say that...
it's more comfortable to hire a caregiver.
That must not be the case for you.
My husband and I are best friends.
I feel most comfortable when I'm with him.
Why didn't you come with your fiance today?
That fiance flew away.
What does that mean?
Birds tend to fly.
But a fiance isn't a bird. It's a man you promise to get married to.
That's just the literal translation.
After living a life that was full of ups and downs,
I've concluded that...
it's normal...
for birds to fly,
so I shouldn't try to stop them when they do.
I see. You're very philosophical.
I understand what you mean.
I'm glad you understand.
It wasn't that hard.
Chef On seems very gentle and warm.
I hear that I'm gentle a lot.
Who does Hyun Soo take after? She has a great personality.
She takes after me of course.
I see.
Hyun Soo likes Jung Sun a lot.
I know. She even asked him to live together first.
She did?
I didn't know that.
Didn't you know?
I thought you knew.
Then why aren't they living together?
Chef On must be preparing something else along with the tea.
Here's your delicious tea.
Please tell me if you'd like to eat anything else.
No, I'm fine.
He's such a caring person.
He's the best husband material there is.
Jung Sun's father is a dentist.
I see.
That's a great job.
(Episode 38 will air shortly.)